see you David 13s 97 99 here with
another episode west there tonight for
any leftover noodles we're going to call
it we're gonna reinvent the leftovers so
the other day I need chili and my
husband wanted to have it over right so
I made a big pie rice and he's peeling
it away right so we have a large portion
of rice left over that I just put the
refrigerator in a ziplock bag so I've
got all that right and then on New
Year's weekend I made a pork roast or
you support growth and the right
underneath the pork fried rice now also
have some chopped garlic and some grated
ginger make some carrots some celery and
some remember that have been chopped up
I have some leftover Hanyu that was in
the fridge that was already chopped up
is the frozen peas is about 1/4 cup of
frozen peas and we're going to start off
with is I got my pan
here scrambled with a tablespoon of soy
sauce and where did these little tiny
brain or in a scrambled egg in the oil
like that they were just there wait for
them
kind of jump
that can't hold off a little too much
we're gonna I'm gonna go smart loyal to
my pants I'm gonna wait for that to heat
up swirl it around and you can see it be
hot is that yeah well you know it is hot
enough okay here I have the equivalent
of two cloves of chopped garlic and I
had our ice cream like fresh ginger in
the freezer and then I just like kind of
bug with a little part off
okay before that
they're in
and I'm gonna talk to my onion as well
you know I won't have to worry about my
own bread every week so they have
sandwiches and sometimes most times they
take something in their furnace fuel or
leftovers from dinner life
you know just about anything I can put
that thermos to keep it warm and
especially this funnier when it's so
cold they have a really nice meal okay
sorry sorry I'm going to put this right
in here dump it all in
get up in there you don't have to step
up from the bottom
and this is gonna come together so bad
and then we're just a couple more things
in not looking so good in your furnished
North bro it got these horns in the
cabinet
throw it in that's nauseousness throw in
whatever you want I have to share it's
only in my crisper drawer I get slice
them up on the buyer and then we're
going to put these eggs back in here
okay we're gonna do we're gonna hear so
I'm gonna go and I'm gonna be back in
just a minute because you know what I'm
gonna do right I'm gonna fix you a plate
because I'm gonna be right back okay
here you have it
what fried rice make sure leftovers it's
what's for dinner I hope you try this
and I hope you enjoy it so until next
time have a great Monday